# unicore
Identify SOC based on Rocket Core
 In this work, the open source RISC-V processor Rocket-Chip from The University of California, Berkeley is used as the controller. In Vivado, it is connected with peripherals such as UART, GPIO, SPI, Ethernet, etc. After compilation, it is burned to the official FPGA (N4DDR) to complete the construction of the hardware platform of the system.In terms of software, the Linux operating system is ported for the system. The overall operating system is composed of the Berkeley Boot Loader (BBL), Linux-4.20 kernel, and the file system built by Busybox1.30. And in the file system to achieve the installation of mDEV and FTP programs. Download the cross-compiled operating system of the upper computer to the FATFS system of SD card, and load it into the hardware system through SPI driver SD card. After the startup file is cross-compiled by the upper computer, it is downloaded to the CPU with JTAG to complete the startup of the operating system. Finally, puTTY is used to realize the interaction with the system through serial port.Hardware and software systems are set up, after the completion of this work in C language to achieve the soft decoding of JPG images, using C language to write a feature recognition algorithm can realize the function of the id card number identification, we are going to decode the idct algorithm is written in Verilog idct module added to the hardware in the SOC, and the realization of hardware acceleration, is called the decoding and recognition program in PC cross-compilation is executable file, and load into the file system. The script file is then written so that the work can be downloaded from the upper computer via PUTTY, identified, and transmitted back to the upper computer via FTP.Based on the SOC above, this work adds its own camera module, which is controlled by VDMA and VTC modules. The data collected by the camera is transmitted to the DDR on the chip through MIG for recognition. VGA display module is also added to realize video and image display.
